Welcome back.
We've now finished our index page.
Our bootstrap template and in this next few videos we're going to be great in the last few pages to
finish off our bootstrap template and then start converting to Wordpress.
So in this video we're going to be starting with the blog page so we you take a look at the finish projects
and get an idea of what we're going to be creating.
So were the reason we had this section and also the background image.
But will a change in the text to trunkless spa fishell blog and then scroll down.
We're going to have the individual blog posts on the left hand side.
I will put free those in our template.
We'll have some links to older and newer posts.
And on the right hand side will have a sidebar and a sidebar have a little bit a text about the website
we'll have an archived page where all the blog post will be stored.
Buy one for year will also be separating the blog posts into categories and then if you go a little
bit further down the page will also be reused in the foot section.
So most of the sidebar will just be empty links for now.
These will be generated dynamically in Word Press so we'll just be adding them in Bootstrap as empty
links to get the look and feel the site right.
So let's get started.
So head over to our text editor.
Weird Al project and then create a new page and saves up as Blog.
Or hate him I'll make sure that's saved in the same level as the index page.
And then if you go into the index page that we finished earlier and select all and copy.
And then we can use this as a starting point for our blog page.
Um peyster in Seoul.
As I mentioned earlier will be using the same head is selection sort of scroll down to the end of the
close in header tag.
Which is just.
We can start by deleting the welcome section.
And the latest Office section.
I keep going all the way down to the start to the footer section.
And then delete.
So as it stands you've just got the header and footer section.
So the first thing I'm going to change is the feature text which going to change is too tranquil spa
official blog.
There you go.
And then we're gonna use a bootstrap template for old blogs.
So if you head over to get boost up dot com.
And then select the Getting Started section and then scroll down to the bootstrap templates.
You'll see this on default templates.
Boost provides.
There should be one called blog.
So we select the blog I am going to be select and some of the parts of this website to use the template.
So the side buys on the right hand side and also the blog post on the left.
So this is going to create a good start point for our blog.
So to get the coal for this we need to control click right click go to view page source.
OK it's all going to copy the code with the blog post unsober.
So if you just scroll down a little bit further and willing to copy the container which you did below.
The blog must read or copied the open container and then down past the posts.
Only to copy it all the way down to the sidebar.
So at the end of the sidebar end of the row the end of the container.
So copy all that section.
And then go back into the text editor.
Tween the header on the footer section.
Let's pay for it.
To make things a little bit more clearer I can add some comments.
So let's add the first comment to the sidebar.
So look for the end of the blog and paste it just below.
Change the name to the sidebar section.
Scroll up.
And then up to the open in blog post which is.
Just above the container.
So I'll paste it in.
This can be the blog section.
Oh Kate.
So next we'll take a look at how that look and so far now we'll see what changes we need to make.
OK so we got our header section and then we've got the sample blog post on the left and the sidebar
exactly we want it.
We've got the footer section at the bottom.
So back into the text editor or she want to remove the bouchra blog heading up the top.
So let's do that now.
So I would just leave the full day of the blog.
Well great.
Let's take a look at that.
OK.
That's the head in removed and by default on the bootstrap template.
That would be copied.
There's three different styles of blog posts.
So to keep our website consistent.
I'm going to use the word blog post.
So go back into the blog section and each individual blog post has a class of blog post.
So we're nowhere.
Each blog starts and ends.
So this is a first one.
I scroll down to the close in time for the blog post and delete this one.
I was going to delete the second blog post.
So look for the closed if the blog post.
And select that and lete.
And then we just left with the third and final blog post.
So to put this back in when a copy this style.
And then paste it back in twice below.
And the second the browser.
So what's now got free blog posts buckin or page.
But there are consistent style and their necks will change the text in the bult a section on sidebar.
So scroll down to the sidebar section and if we look at the about section we can just delete the sample
text between the petersburg's and what we don't actually own.
So welcome to the official tranquil spa blog.
OK.
And a second sentence just below.
Also in petersburg's.
So he will find all the latest news.
And what's going on here at the spa.
Well go.
Suttie but was section will keep the archives as it is for now and will make this work dynamically in
wordpress later on in the course.
Elsewhere a section that changes to categories.
Let's add some categories in there for now.
So the first one can be changing to news and then offers.
And then lastly on categorize.
And they will put our social media section in so with a copy of the sidebar module div..
And patience in just below you can change the categories to followers.
And because we've got all the social media links already in the footage section.
We can just go back into our index page.
Can locate the social media icons.
Down at the very bottom in the footer.
So if a copy of the five social media links.
And then paste these black into the blog section.
Dillie those first and paste them in.
And then let's save that and see how it's looking in the browser.
Okay.
That's a fine we've got the about text.
We then got the archives the categories section and the social media section.
So it's nearly finished with the placatory mail.
Just one more little thing I'd like to change is if we go to the container for the blog.
So one thing I'd like to change for the number of columns on the blog Undy sidebar.
So by default bootstrap has the blog section taken up a parts on the smaller devices like I used to
be 12 columns wide smolla devices and then changed to 8 on Medium devices.
And then we also need to go down to the sidebar section.
And do the same for the sidebar wrapper to make the I buy go full width on small advices you can change
up to 12 gollum's.
And then change it to call Andy free.
Steak free columns on Medium devices and then because we change up to medium will also change the offset
on the medium devices to one just was a little bit distance between the blog post on the sidebar and
saved up.
OK so let us finish for the hate mail for the blog section.
If you join me in the next video we'll continue our blog page by Add in the C S S.